README.MD, before:

# Knowledge Knights
Test your knowledge in a dungeon crawler where the loot you get is obtained by your ability to remember information. Choose from a default study set, manually input questions and answers, or import your own csv file.<br />
Choose your own conditions to win. Answer a certain amount of questions, survive for a period of time, go for a target score, or go endless!<br />
Knowledge Knights seeks to incorporate studying with gameplay, increasing motivation to retain information by linking correct answers to rewards.

## Required Modules
```bash
pip install pygame
pip install pygame-menu
pip install pytmx
pip install pathfinding
```

## Controls

**General:**
- WASD - move around
- Left Shift - move twice as fast
- Arrow keys - attack in direction pressed
- H - receive help (on cooldown)

**Interface:**
- Escape - pause game
- Arrow keys - select option in menu
- Enter - choose selected option

## Installation

1. Clone this repository
2. Install required modules (see above)
3. Run `python game.py`

## Credits / Thanks
BYU-I for holding the hackathon

Developers - Alice Rygg, Elliott VanOrman, Nathan Murray, Tristan Zatylny

All of the authors of libraries used

Commit message:

updated readme and added requirements.txt for easier package installation

README.MD, after:

# Knowledge Knights
Test your knowledge in a dungeon crawler where the loot you get is obtained by your ability to remember information. Choose from a default study set, manually input questions and answers, or import your own csv file.<br />
Choose your own conditions to win. Answer a certain amount of questions, survive for a period of time, go for a target score, or go endless!<br />
Knowledge Knights seeks to incorporate studying with gameplay, increasing motivation to retain information by linking correct answers to rewards.

## Required Modules
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Or if you want to download each individually:
```bash
pip install pygame
pip install pygame-menu
pip install pytmx
pip install pathfinding
```

## Controls

**General:**
- WASD - move around
- Left Shift - move twice as fast
- Arrow keys - attack in direction pressed
- H - receive help (on cooldown)

**Interface:**
- Escape - pause game
- Arrow keys - select option in menu
- Enter - choose selected option

## Installation

1. Clone this repository
2. Install required modules (see above)
3. Run `python game.py`

## Credits / Thanks
BYU-I for holding the hackathon

Developers - Alice Rygg, Elliott VanOrman, Nathan Murray, Tristan Zatylny

All of the authors of libraries used
